Print configuration on scheduler startup. (#22588)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/howto/set-config.rst

    work as expected. A good example for that is :ref:`secret_key<config:webserver__secret_key>` which
    should be same on the Webserver and Worker to allow Webserver to fetch logs from Worker.

>     During startup Airflow scheduler prints configuration options whose values are different from default
>     values along with source from which the value was loaded i.e. airflow.cfg, environment variable, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    During startup the scheduler prints configuration options whose values differ from the default
    values along with the source from which the value was loaded (i.e. airflow.cfg, environment variable, etc).
```

nit
